(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind of the winter
season blows The brightest sun shines
Lightly crossing over the rough times A
hero, diving alone into the city I wanna
dive into paradise I've got all kinds
of trends I'm gonna steal your smile
Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
I've started running, my dream won't
stop I won't regret tomorrow Everybody can
do!
Even if it's just a little bit,
I don't want to see it I
'm excited, I'm curious I'm strong,
I'm tough, I'm strong Super
Rich, Shiratori Reiji What
's wrong, miss?
I'm hungry.
You haven't eaten lunch yet?
No.
What about mommy?
I'm hungry.
I'm busy right now.
I told you to wait.
What are you doing?
Don't let such a cute girl eat
lunch.
Are you still a mother?
I'm a big man.
What right do you have to interfere?
It's none of your business, isn't
it?
What?
Please let me go.
I'm really sorry.
I'll never leave my daughter alone again.
Mariko, let's go eat.
Okay.
Thank you.
What is it?
What's wrong?
Naoko, what's wrong?
Reiko, listen to me.
I asked for a ticket
at the parking lot earlier.
I'm going to pick you up.
I don't want to.
I don't want to get flowers like
this.
You're the perfect woman for my Porsche.
A rose like this is nothing more than
a substitute for you.
Is that so?
How about it?
Why don't we go for a drive
to Yokohama?
Let's go to a fancy restaurant and
eat while looking at the sunset.
But I'm still on a business trip.
It's rare to see a pearl white
Porsche.
What?
Oh, no.
If you insist, I'll get rid of
it as soon as possible.
What?
I can't believe there's a woman
in Japan who can recognize a pearl white
Porsche.
I'm glad.
Mado, Mado.
Do you want to say Mademois
elle?
That's right.
You're my ideal Mado.
Mado...
Mademoiselle.
In other words, the passenger seat of this
car was prepared for you.
Why don't we go for a drive
to Yokohama?
I'm sorry, but I prefer the driver
's seat to the passenger's seat.
Besides, it's better not to use words
you're not used to.
Yes.
Miss, I'm sorry to say this, but
I'm Super Rich Shiratori Reiji.
What?
You want to know where I went to
college?
Yes.
Of course, it's OK University.
I didn't ask you.
Let's go.
What?
Where is your house?
Of course, it's in Dengen
Chofu.
It has 150 homes.
What?
It's the best?
It's not a big deal.
You should be proud of yourself as soon
as possible.
Watch out!
You have to pay the fine, you jerk!
I don't want to hear those ugly
words.
Miss, I have a Porsche.
You can't run away from me.
He's coming after us.
Porsche can't catch up with us.
Don't worry.
That driver can't catch up with us.
Damn it!
Can't you keep up with my fast
shift?
You, you, you!
I heard that there are more women with
Pachinko addiction.
I didn't know there was such a
mother.
It's a big social problem.
What?
You said it's a social problem.
It's a good thing to be interested
in social problems.
Is that so?
Thanks to more women, I can't pay
the fine.
I have to do something.
You idiot!
How dare you!
He's...
I knew it.
I'm screwed.
What's wrong, Miss?
The man in the Porsche is grumbling.
He finally stopped.
The Porsche will cry.
Damn it!
Why did he stop?
You, you, you!
He's a terrible driver.
Who is he?
A diamond Rolex on his left hand.
A jacket and a coat around his waist.
A Fantics necktie.
A Heragamo shoes.
I have 10 million yen.
My name is Reiji Shiratori.
Is he a relative of Super Saiyan?
No!
He's just an idiot.
Let's go back.
Hey!
How dare you ignore me?
I'll praise you.
Don't come in!
I don't need you.
Get out of my way.
I need you.
You.
I hate you.
I hate you for making me fall in
love with you.
I'm busy today.
See you later.
No, no.
You can't run away from me.
You're a lucky man who can ride
my Porsche.
I don't want to ride your Porsche.
I stopped at that place.
I'm not an idiot.
I know.
Don't lie to me.
Let's go for a drive with my
Porsche.
I'm on duty.
Let's have a meal together.
There's a restaurant in Ginza.
I have something to do tonight.
Where is my house?
It's in 150-tsubo
in Reien-chofu.
I've been there.
Really?
Is he your father?
You're talking to yourself.
He's the president of Shiratori Iron
works.
I'm going to be the president.
Isn't it great?
I told you that you can't run
away from me.
Shiratori Ironworks is a first-
class company.
I've seen it on TV commercials.
It's a company where parents and children
talk on the beach.
Do you know that?
My father is a stubborn man.
He deals with iron.
He was taken away.
Shiratori Ironworks is aiming for tomorrow.
My father is in that commercial.
Isn't it great?
I was impressed.
Shut up.
You've been complaining.
That's why I don't like super
poor people.
Reiko.
If you want to run away, you have
to go to his right.
You don't even know how hard it
is.
Don't be a nuisance.
How many times do I have to tell
you?
What are you doing with me?
What are you doing?
Don't underestimate me.
I will never give up.
I will make your heart ache.
He's still complaining.
Wait for me.
What is Shiratori doing?
I think he's still in the hospital.
He's rich, but he's different from
Reiko Nakagawa.
Shiratori is...
I think it's because of my father.
Do you know?
Shiratori Ironworks is a subsidiary
of my father's company.
Is that so?
Did you attack the daughter of the parent
company?
He's a stupid man.
I hope he's okay.
It's a luxury to drive.
Poor people.
You have to work hard every day.
I can't hear you.
Come to the exit.
Shut up.
It's not the exit.
I stopped at that place on purpose.
He's still doing weird things.
Miss.
I'll take you for a drive today.
I'm going to the exit, so I
don't want to.
Shut up.
You shouldn't force yourself to ride a
Porsche.
It's rude.
You.
You're pretty handsome.
Are you his girlfriend?
Yes.
Even if you're his girlfriend, you can
't beat me.
Because I'm rich.
I have a good face.
I'm smart.
I have all three of them.
And...
I have a Porsche.
He's using magic.
I don't want to go to town.
I have a Porsche.
Shut up.
When I look at the screen, I feel
sick.
I feel sick.
I can't believe you hit me.
You don't know how hard it is.
How much is your salary?
It's about 220,000 yen.
Then I'll give you the same amount
as this pair of shoes.
What?
I can only buy one pair of shoes
with my salary?
I'm so miserable.
How old are you?
I don't know.
It's about 7 million yen.
Then I'll give you the same amount
as this Rolex watch.
as this gold watch.
I did it again.
Don't underestimate the super rich Shiratori
Reiji.
Now you know the difference between super rich
and super poor.
It looks like you know.
You look poor compared to these poor people.
Let's go to a rich restaurant.
That's enough.
Reiko is angry.
I've been listening to you for a
while.
Stop it, Reiko.
Let go of me, Ryo.
Calm down, Reiko.
Don't you feel sorry for being told
that?
Ryo is doing his best.
That's true.
But I don't know what he'll
do if his pride is hurt.
Go out with him for a meal.
What?
Of course, I'm not alone.
My work is almost over.
Nagagawa and I will go with
him as bodyguards.
I see.
You're going to go out with him
for a meal.
I'm just a bodyguard.
I understand.
Ryo, you're coming with me.
All right.
Why do I have to treat them to
a meal?
Did he say anything?
No.
He said that sometimes it's good to
make poor people feel rich.
My Ferrari can take four people.
If you go with a Ferrari, his pride
will be hurt.
You have to treat him to a meal.
Reiko is like a pet.
That's what super poor people think.
But I don't know what to do
with that driver.
He's been driving for a long time.
Reiko Akimoto.
That's a nice name.
Where do you live?
I live in Hiro.
It's a high-class residential area.
Do you live with your parents?
No, I live alone.
I live alone.
Do you live in a one-room
apartment?
It's a four-bedroom apartment.
Is that so?
You must have a high rent.
My father bought it for me, so I
don't have to pay the rent.
You must have been rich.
Where do you live?
I live in Ashiya.
It's a remote-controlled house in
Kansai.
Do you live in a house of 150
square meters?
I live in a house of 200 square
meters.
I live in a house of 300 square
I live in a house of 500 square
meters.
Stupid.
Don't be impatient.
I live in a house of 500 square
meters.
It's a remote-controlled house in
Ashiya.
By the way, I'm a high school
student.
Where did you go to college?
I went to Shohin University.
I won.
That's a good university for young girls.
I heard that you can enter the university
by escalator from the kindergarten.
I went to the university.
Until then, I went to the University of
St. Paul.
I don't know such a university.
It's a very strict school.
Don't you know it?
I know it.
I think it was in Chiba.
It's in Switzerland.
Switzerland.
Mr. Shiratori.
Would you like to change your driving?
I'm fine.
But there's a lot of traffic behind
you.
What?
Stupid.
Don't be impatient.
Oh, you
changed to A-class.
A-class license.
Did you drive?
Don't miss it.
Yes.
It's
too good.
I often come to this shop.
It's good.
This is Mr. Akimoto.
Oh, Mr. Nakagawa.
Welcome.
Thank you.
Come here.
Hey.
Why don't you greet me?
Excuse me.
Who are you?
Don't be rude.
I'm Shiratori Reiji who made
a reservation.
I'll pay the bill.
I'm sorry.
I made a reservation for two people.
I'll show you to the table for
four people.
Come here.
But Reiko...
I didn't expect you to come to
this five-star restaurant.
I've been here once or twice.
You've only been here once or twice.
Don't surprise me.
I come here twice a week.
Hey, super rich man.
Don't lose.
It's not about the number of times.
It's about how much you spend at
once.
You can order anything you want.
You're a super rich man.
Am I?
You're wrong.
I searched this restaurant on the Tokyo date
map.
But I couldn't find this restaurant.
Sir.
Did you order?
Order?
I can't read it.
I'll write it in French.
Hey, what are you doing?
All the dishes here are delicious.
I don't know what to do.
What should I do?
I'll order everything from the top.
Why don't you leave it to the
chef?
Oh, no.
I was going to do that, too.
Super rich people get along well.
I'll do that, too.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Akimoto and Mr. Nakagawa.
This is a set.
Welcome.
If you don't mind, the VIP room
is available.
Did you find out that I'm the
vice president of Shiratori Tekko?
I'll order it right away.
Yes, sir.
It's okay here.
Goodbye.
Wait a minute.
I told you I'd go.
Damn it.
Well, I'm a super rich man.
Don't worry about it.
Sometimes I wanted to eat at a common
er's seat.
Can I order a steak, too?
Go ahead.
One more steak, please.
Oh, Ryo.
I'd like a Bordeaux steak
from 1982.
I think 1983 is better than 1982.
As expected of Mr. Nakagawa.
Hey!
I'm the super rich man who pays
the bill.
Why don't you ask me?
What?
Why don't you ask him instead of
me?
Why do you all ignore me?
Hey, Meiji.
Dad.
Oh, is that the president's son?
Yes.
Wait a minute.
I didn't know you were here, either.
Dad, you're as busy as ever.
Keep it a secret from Mom.
Hey, isn't she a good girl?
Where does she come from?
I don't like her.
Unlike my dad, I don't get along
with my sister, Domia.
But I'll get rid of her right
away.
Let me introduce you.
This is...
Good evening, uncle.
Do you know him?
Y-You!
This old man is Akimoto's son.
He's an idiot.
He's not like you.
I'm sorry for being rude to your
son.
Uncle, you don't have to do that.
It's nothing.
Akimoto's son is one of my
employees.
D-Dad.
Please forgive me for not knowing you.
I didn't mean to...
He's a super rich guy.
I wonder what Shiratori's been up
to.
I did something bad to him.
You have no responsibility.
He's the one who called me.
But...
Hello, everyone.
You are...
S-Shiratori.
What happened to your outfit?
After that, my dad impressed me and I
became super poor.
I'm really sorry.
Don't worry.
I'll get rich soon and become super
rich.
Until then, goodbye.
He's so stubborn.
I hope you become super rich soon and
treat me to a meal.
Hey, super rich!
Applause!
Why am I digging a tunnel?
I saw it in a movie.
It's an escape.
The director locked me up.
He's digging a hole to escape.
Wait for me, director.
I'm going to get my revenge.
Next time, Ryo's Escape.
Don't miss it!
Even if I stop the clock Time will
pass Don't look down on me Let
's live with a smile Even if it
's a bad day Tomorrow will be a
sunny day Bye bye Let's wave our
hands Let's say goodbye to the bad
things Let's live the way we like
Good things will happen Outside the door, the
sun is calling